The Joe Rogan experience.
You had, uh, you had encounters with Bob Lazar. You,
you know, Bob and you, you were around when Bob Lazar.
First, uh, now is this gonna be all about the Mylar balloon event?
<laugh> what's the.
Mylar balloon event. Oh, you.
Don't know that one? No. Uh,
so we all jump in my car to go out to,
to the alien in area out there, you know, on, uh,
the alien in.
Is that, uh, out there at, yeah, it's like a north of a bar.
Or something it's for north of that area. And so, so
Bob Lasar, um, George NA myself and I think Jane Huff,
who is Bob's friend, we all go out there. Well, and beknown, to me,
Bob has a Mylar balloon,
which really bounces their radar signature a lot for its size
and a bottle of gas, uh, helium. So,
uh, we, we find our way back out in the desert out there. We're kind of,
I'm thinking we're on a, a UFO watch, which is always fun.
Sometimes the best thing is the food you take along. Right.
And you're out there under the stars and it's nice and you have a good time just
watching. So <affirmative>, but, um,
there's a Russell of things going on here. And,
and next thing I know there's a balloon, the Mylar balloons inflated,
and there's a slight breeze and Bob lets it go.
And we're on the opposite side of the mountain range from supposedly S four.
And he wants, he wants to go that way.
Thank God.
The wind was going in the opposite direction was traveling north instead of
south. And it went the wrong way. You know?
So I'm thinking my life's just passed before my eyes.
Why do you think your life passed before your eyes?
Cause if the moon goes towards area.
S four, it's gonna get picked up. Yeah. Now they're.
Gonna go find out where it came.
From.
WN hunt security is gonna come get us and I'm gonna spend the night in jail.
Right. So you know, it all just unraveled real quick. Right?
And was this before Bob had gotten in trouble for bringing people to the
observation point to watch? Cause let's,
let's tell a story about Bob real quick.
Bob said he worked for area S four and he was hired to back
engineer with, they believe were alien crafts along the lines. He had this, uh,
top secret clearance and along the lines of all this happening,
they're monitoring his phone calls, turns out Bob's wife is having an affair.
Bob doesn't know about this.
They remove him from the project cuz they believe he'll be emotionally unstable
if he's so he's,
he's freaking out not knowing a that his wife is having an affair,
not knowing why he's pulled for in this project. Doesn't totally understand.
So he starts telling people about what he's doing and telling people, listen,
I can take you to a place where once a week they do these tests.
So he starts bringing people to this area.
They see these objects flying in these spectacular ways
that we really can't do with any of our conventional Aircrafts.
And then Bob gets in trouble for that.
Then Bob goes on the George nap show and starts explaining all these different
things presumably for self-preservation because he,
the best way to pro probably protect your own life is to go public with this and
explain everything that's happening.
And they can discredit you and make you look very good. Not,
but if they kill you, then you know, then it leads credence to your story.
Yeah. It gives you a very, uh, huge hardship. So when.
Do you, when do you fall into the story?
Well,
you've just given me an overload of information now that I'm pretty much aware
of. Uh,
but I don't know exactly when I don't think as I recall it. Um,
everybody was pretty much at ease and um, I wasn't,
it wasn't part of.
When year is this, that this is all going on. Oh.
God. Um, I don't know. 91.
So this is around that time. This is around. When was he on George naps.
Show? Yeah, somewhere in that timeframe, but I wasn't aware of,
of a lot until much until I don't think at that time I was aware of him taking
people out on, you know, Wednesday nights to go see something out there.
I kind of missed out on that or, or whatever. And, um,
I don't think this was anything like connected to.
That. I think that that was before this. Yeah, probably that was,
I think you're dealing with him out after, you know,
he had met George and after he had told his story. Yeah,
because George is with you. Oh yeah, yeah.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so obviously they had already met. Oh, sure. Um,
so what was your initial,
obviously you're a person that has a deep fascination with UFOs. Now,
here you are talking to this guy, who's clearly a genius, brilliant guy.
Bobar and he's telling you this banana story he's out there
back engineering spacecrafts that came from another land that are,
that are using this element one 15, this, this stuff.
That's just a theoretical element that wasn't even proven by particle Collider
until what, 2013, somewhere along that line,
like it was just theoretical up to that point.
So he's telling you about all this stuff. What was your, what did you think?
Um, I, I
wanted to reserve judgment until I knew a lot more and um,
the more he talked, the more interesting it became, uh,
the more research that George did, things that he uncovered,
it became more interesting. And, um,
and so, um, as I said, a while back,
I think George was doing an interview with man. I said, I,
I wouldn't bet against Bob's the truth or the majority of,
of everything that Bob has said. I wouldn't bet against it. Uh,
could they be errors, Arizona missions for different reasons? Yeah, sure.
They could. But, um, the, the, uh,
I, I, I would tend to say Bob is, is legitimate.
Um, and, uh, you know, I don't,
there's certain aspects of things that are parts of stories
that you wonder, well, how could this happen and so forth. But I think if you,
if you take all of the collective information and the work that George nap has
done to validate things, it's awfully impressive.
Well,
George is such an important part of it because he's a legitimate investigative
journalist and that was his career. And so he
poured himself into this. Oh yeah.
And exposed all the different aspects of this story
that seem to indicate that he's telling the truth. Oh yes. Yeah. And that's,
that's, what's crazy about.
It. And George is not any normal journalist. He is. He's like what?
He has like six P bodies. Yes. He's.
Fantastic. And he's diving into this and the more he uncover, the more,
it seems like Bob bobbles, our story is legitimate. Right.
Right. So I, I think until you, I,
I like the philosophy of reserving judgment until you have a preponderance of
evidence that really moves you one way or another,
you don't have to have a hundred percent. I go by reasonable doubt. But.
What was it like for you to be this guy?
Who's had this deep fascination with flying saucers and here you are
talk like, let me tell you my experience with pop, doing this podcast with Bob.
I wanted one of two things I wanted to go, oh, this guy's full of. Or I wanted,
whoa, this guy's, it seems like he's not full of.
I think he on the truth,
I think this guy really did encounter these Aircrafts and really did work on
these spaceships, whatever they are. That's when I, where I'm at right now,
my experience with him, my communication with him,
he didn't seem like he was full at all. He's clearly a brilliant guy.
His story has not changed at all over the 30 plus years
that he's been saying it it's a crazy story.
But when you are a person like yourself,
you saw me even more than I, who is obsessed with this subject,
this the possibility of alien life that's visited, visited this earth and,
and maybe even left crafts behind.
And these crafts are in the possession of some secret government
agencies that are trying to observe them and back engineer them.
What is it like to talk to this guy to this?
Cuz this guy has seen the thing you're looking for. This guy, the,
all the you're you're searching and all of your wondering and staring out into
the heavens. And here's a guy that is a actually touched.
It actually worked on it. Been inside one, tried to figure out how they work.
Can't do it. Doesn't understand. It is talking to these people.
Everything's compartmentalized.
You got the metallurgist people that are working on the, the, the, what,
what kind of alloy this thing is made of. You got him,
who's a part of the people that are trying to understand the propulsion system.
And then you've got people that are giving you this information that like,
maybe they have, uh, been here forever.
Maybe this is a part of an archeological dig.
Maybe they've been trying to study these things for decades with no,
no advancement at all. Yeah.
So we came across or, um,
myself and a couple other people came across folks who could
collaborate some of the things going on out there, um,
such as silent craft, actually lifting off at nighttime.
Um,
<affirmative> not looking as though the control was very good,
but actually lifting off maneuvering like a real small trial kind of
thing. Um,
and that fellow OB observed it from a distance where he wasn't supposed to be.
Uh, George has come up with, with collaboration,
I think from two or three other sources also,
besides what Bob said about certain aspects of things out there,
it's just that Bob's story is so much more in depth.
So much more detailed, like that book, uh,
that he talked about years ago coming across, um,
uh, amazing.
Things. So what tell people about the book?
Well, there was a, there was a book, as I remember, there was some kind of a,
a book that Bob, um,
was allowed to look through or he actually,
or he sees the opportunity to do it when he was in a room where the book
was. But I think that was by design and it was some kind of a
holographic book that as you opened up the pages,
whatever the stories were became a hologram,
that's my recollection of a conversation that's decades old now. So,
um, um, you know, if I got it real fire me,
it's, it's, uh, I understand, you know, it's,
you'll have to talk to Bob about that or talk to George. Okay. And, uh,
cuz I remember something like that. I mean that was like, wow, what a,
what an amazing way to portray information in some
kind of a book and actually have holographic images it's coming
forth out of the, you know, I don't know. It just was so that, uh,
I have ever heard of, uh,
being repeated any place in terms of something else like that happening and so
much, uh, that, uh, happened to Bob. It was so unique. There was.
Also some very strange of what they understand,
uh, or what they believe to be true about the origins of human beings
and that they believe that what these visitations were about was that
human beings are the product of accelerated evolution.
And that these species from wherever had been coming here and doing genetic
experience experiments with primates and created human beings,
which is the ultimate, like who knows like, wow, that's fun to think about,
but we were talking about this last night,
how bizarre humans are that outta all these things on earth.
We're the only ones with shoes, all these things.
We're the only ones that have to wear clothes.
We're the only ones that jump into metal boxes with rubber tires and roll around
these hard surfaces that we created or fly planes or send video through your
phone to other people that are on the other side of the, a continent.
We're weird, we're real weird. We're way weirder than anything else that exists.
And if we are really a product of some sort of accelerated process
like that, this is how they, uh, get the party started on these planets.
They find semi-intelligent curious animals that are using tool or
using, you know, opposable, thumbs. And, uh, they,
they do some things to them.
Yeah. The, uh, there's a large variety of,
of uh, potential, um,
beginnings, um, more evidence for some than others, right?
So that's, that's always the trick. Um, have you.
Considered that? Is this, uh,
like a subject that you've deeply considered and thought about?
Not really, really I'm here.
I don't wanna look a gift horse in the face.
<laugh> I'll take it for what it is, you know, really, really. Yeah. I mean.
I think about it a lot. I don't know.
I, I, I think, uh, I need more, more evidence, uh,
to be more curious about,
I'm more concerned about other kinds of things that are now than where do the
human species come from. Particularly,
I'm more driven by other there kinds of things that could make a difference
today going forward.
So getting back to the Bobar thing,
when you first got to know him and you first were considering this story and
how, how crazy it was, what was it like to,
to meet a guy who at least by his own accounts
had encountered this thing that you were seeking?
Well, Bob's a likable guy. He, as you said, he is very smart.
And so he's interesting to talk to, right? Yeah. And, um,
and so that's more than just entertaining to listen to his story is
profound, right?
So it gives you an awful lot to think about and to try to,
to position as to how can you measure future information.
You might get against that story. How can you verify different kinds of things?
And, uh, so I, I,
I've heard a lot more silly things I think, than,
than what Bob was talking about. Didn't seem all that, um,
ridiculous. And then the more you get to talk to him,
the more you get to know him and, and people like George,
who's an investigative of journalists. Uh,
it gets more and more wow.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience are on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.